---
title: Terms of Service Agreement
description: Terms of Service Agreement | Archodex
layout: ~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
---

_Last updated: January 17, 2025_

These Terms of Service (this "Agreement") contains the terms and conditions that govern access to and use of Archodex
services (the "Services") and software (the "Software") and is an agreement between Archodex, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Archodex") and you or the entity you represent ("Customer"). This Agreement takes effect when Customer
clicks an "I Accept" button or check box presented with these terms or when you use any of the Services or Software (the
"Effective Date"). Customer represents to Archodex that Customer is lawfully able to enter into contracts (e.g., you are
not a minor). If you are entering into this Agreement for an entity, such as the company you work for, you represent to
Archodex that you have legal authority. Archodex and Customer will be referred to individually as a "Party" and
collectively as the "Parties."

### 1. Definitions.

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:

"Access Credentials" means the user name, identification number, password, passkey, license or security key, security
token, PIN or other security code, method, technology or device used, alone or in combination, to verify an individual's
identity and authorization to access and use the Services and Software.

"Customer Data" means, other than Resultant Data, information, data and other content, in any form or medium, that is
collected or received, directly or indirectly from Customer by or through the Services and Software. Customer Data does
not include the code and resources created by Archodex for the purpose of delivering Archodex's software, services, and
access to the Customer account.

"Customer Systems" means the Customer's information technology infrastructure, including computers, software, hardware,
databases, electronic systems (including database management systems) and networks, whether operated directly by
Customer or through the use of third-party services.

"Confidential Information" means all information (whether oral, written, electronic or otherwise) disclosed by one Party
or its agents (collectively the "Disclosing Party") that is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or that
the receiving party (the "Receiving Party") knows or reasonably should have known is the confidential or proprietary
information of the Disclosing Party. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, trade secrets,
technology, information pertaining to business operations and strategies, personnel information, financial data, and
information pertaining to customers, pricing, and marketing. Confidential Information includes Archodex Materials and
non-public Customer Data. Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) was already known to the
Receiving Party without restriction on use or disclosure prior to receipt of such information directly or indirectly
from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party; (b) was or is independently developed by the Receiving Party without
reference to or use of any of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information; (c) was or becomes generally known by the
public other than by breach of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the Receiving Party or any of its
Representatives; or (d) was received by the Receiving Party from a third party who was not, at the time, under any
obligation to the Disclosing Party or any other Person to maintain the confidentiality of such information.

"End User" means any individual that directly or indirectly through another user: (a) accesses or uses Customer Data; or
(b) otherwise accesses or uses the Services under Customer's account.

"Harmful Code" means any: (a) virus, trojan horse, worm, backdoor, or other software or hardware devices the effect of
which is to permit unauthorized access to, or to disable, erase, or otherwise harm, any computer, systems, or software;
or (b) time bomb, drop dead device, or other software or hardware device designed to disable a computer program
automatically with the passage of time or under the positive control of any Person, or otherwise deprive Customer of its
lawful right to use such Software.

"Intellectual Property Rights" means all or any of the following: (a) patents, patent disclosures, and inventions
(whether patentable or not); (b) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, logos, corporate names, and domain
names, together with all of the goodwill associated therewith; (c) copyrights and copyrightable works (including
computer programs), mask works, and rights in data and databases; (d) trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential
information; and (e) all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and
including all applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights, and all similar or equivalent rights or
forms of protection provided by applicable Law in any jurisdiction throughout the world.

"Law" means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution, treaty, common law, judgment,
decree, other requirement, or rule of law of any federal, state, local or foreign government, or political subdivision
thereof, or any arbitrator, court, or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.

"Losses" means any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements,
interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees and the
costs of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers.

"Archodex Materials" means the Service and Software, Archodex Systems, and any and all other information, data,
documents, materials, works and other content, devices, methods, processes, hardware, software and other technologies
and inventions, including any deliverables, technical or functional descriptions, requirements, plans or reports, that
are provided or used by Archodex or any Subcontractor (defined in Section 2.4) in connection with the Services and
Software or otherwise comprise or relate to the Services, Software, or Archodex Systems. For the avoidance of doubt,
Archodex Materials include Resultant Data, any information, data or other content derived from Archodex's monitoring of
Customer's access to or use of the Services and Software, and the code and resources created by Archodex for the purpose
of delivering Archodex's Software, Services, and access to the Customer account but do not include Customer Data.

"Archodex Personnel" means all individuals involved in the performance of Services as employees, agents, or independent
contractors of Archodex or any Subcontractor.

"Archodex Site" means https://archodex.com and any successor or related site designated by us.

"Archodex Systems" means the information technology infrastructure used by or on behalf of Archodex in performing the
Services, including all computers, software, hardware, databases, electronic systems (including database management
systems) and networks, whether operated directly by Archodex or through the use of third-party services.

"Order" means the Subscription Order that Customer submitted online or the Subscription Order Form Customer executed in
connection with the Services. Capitalized terms used in the Order and not otherwise defined therein shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in this Agreement.

"Permitted Use" means any use of the Services by Customer in conformance with this Agreement.

"Person" an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint stock company, joint
venture, estate, trust, unincorporated organization, or other entity or organization, or a local, state, United States,
or foreign governmental or public body or authority, or any agency or subdivision thereof.

"Process" means to take any action or perform any operation or set of operations that the Services are capable of taking
or performing on any data, information or other content. "Processing" and "Processed" have correlative meanings.

"Representatives" means, with respect to a Party, that Party's employees, officers, independent contractors, service
providers, subcontractors, and legal advisors.

"Resultant Data" means information, data, and other content that is derived by or through the Services from Processing
Customer Data and is sufficiently different from such Customer Data that such Customer Data cannot be reverse engineered
or otherwise identified from the inspection, analysis, or further Processing of such information, data, or content.

"Service Software" means the Archodex software application or applications and any third-party or other software, and
all new versions, updates, revisions, improvements, and modifications of the foregoing, that Archodex provides remote
access to and use of as part of the Services.

"Third Party Materials" means materials and information, in any form or medium, including any open-source or other
software, documents, data, content, specifications, products, equipment, or components of or relating to the Services
that are not proprietary to Archodex.

### 2. Services.

Subject to and conditioned on Customer's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Term,
Archodex will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Customer the Services described in the applicable Order
in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, except for: (a) scheduled downtime; (b) service downtime or
degradation due to a Force Majeure Event; (c) any other circumstances beyond Archodex's reasonable control, including
Customer's use of Third Party Materials, misuse of the Services, or use of the Services other than in compliance with
the express terms of this Agreement; and (d) any suspension or termination of Customer's access to or use of the
Services as permitted by this Agreement.

#### a. Availability of the Services.

While Archodex will operate the Services consistent with industry standards, Archodex does not guarantee, represent or
warrant that Customer's access to any of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free. In addition, while Archodex
makes reasonable efforts to ensure that all Customer Data and/or information submitted by Customer to Archodex will be
secure, Archodex does not guarantee that the Services will be free from loss, corruption, attack, or Harmful Code, or
from interference, hacking or other security intrusions. Customer should be sure to back up Customer Data periodically
to ensure that all Customer Data is available in the event of any loss or damage.

#### b. Service and System Control.

Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, as between the Parties: (a) Archodex has and will retain sole
control over the operation, provision, maintenance, and management of the Services and Archodex Materials, including
the: (i) Archodex Systems; (ii) locations where any of the Services are performed; (iii) selection, deployment,
modification, and replacement of the Service Software; and (iv) performance of Services maintenance, upgrades,
corrections, and repairs; and (b) Customer has and will retain sole control over the operation, maintenance, and
management of, and all access to and use of, the Customer Systems, and sole responsibility for all access to and use of
the Services and Archodex Materials by any Person by or through the Customer Systems or any other means controlled by
Customer, including any: (i) information, instructions, or materials provided by any of them to the Services or
Archodex; (ii) results obtained from any use of the Services or Archodex Materials; and (iii) conclusions, decisions, or
actions based on such use.

#### c. Changes.

Archodex reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make any changes to the Services and Archodex Materials that it
deems necessary or useful to: (a) maintain or enhance (i) the quality or delivery of Archodex's services to its clients,
(ii) the competitive strength of or market for Archodex's services, or (iii) Archodex's cost efficiency or performance;
or (b) to comply with applicable Law. Archodex may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain features or
portions of the Services, in any case without notice or liability.

#### d. Suspension or Termination of Services.

Archodex may suspend, terminate, or otherwise deny Customer's or any other Person's access to or use of all or any part
of the Services or Archodex Materials, without incurring any resulting obligation or liability, if: (a) Archodex
receives a judicial or other governmental demand, order, or request that requires Archodex to do so; or (b) Archodex
believes, in its sole discretion, that: (i) Customer has failed to comply with any term of this Agreement, or accessed
or used the Services beyond the scope of the rights granted or for a purpose not authorized under this Agreement; (ii)
Customer is, has been, or is likely to be involved in any fraudulent, misleading, or unlawful activities relating to or
in connection with any of the Services; or (iii) this Agreement expires or is terminated. This Section does not limit
any of Archodex's other rights or remedies, whether at law, in equity, or under this Agreement.

#### e. Authorization.

Subject to and conditioned on Customer's payment of the Fees and compliance and performance in accordance with all other
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Archodex hereby authorizes Customer during the Term to access and use the
Services and such Archodex Materials as Archodex may supply or make available to Customer solely for the Permitted Use
and the conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement. This authorization is non-exclusive and
non-transferable.

#### f. Reservation of Rights.

Except for the licenses granted in this Section, nothing in this Agreement grants any right, title, or interest in or to
(including any license under) any Intellectual Property Rights in or relating to, the Services, Archodex Materials,
Third Party Materials, Customer Data, or either Party's trademarks or logos. All right, title, and interest in and to
the Services, the Archodex Materials, and the Third Party Materials are and will remain with Archodex and the respective
rights holders in the Third Party Materials. Except for the license granted in Section 8.3, all right, title, and
interest in and to the Customer Data will remain with Customer.

#### g. Authorization, Limitations, and Restrictions.

Customer will not, and will not permit any other Person to, access or use the Services or Archodex Materials except as
expressly permitted by this Agreement and, in the case of Third-Party Materials, the applicable third-party license
agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Customer will not, except as this Agreement expressly
permits: (a) Share Access Credentials or permit any Person to access or use Access Credentials other than the Person
duly registered for such use with Archodex; (b) copy, modify, or create derivative works or improvements of the Services
or Archodex Materials; (c) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt, or otherwise attempt to derive or
gain access to the source code of the Services or Archodex Materials, in whole or in part; (d) bypass or breach any
security device or protection used by the Services or Archodex Materials or access or use any of the Services or
Archodex Materials except through the use of then valid Access Credentials; (e) input, upload, transmit, or otherwise
provide to or through the Services or Archodex Systems, any information or materials that are unlawful or injurious, or
contain, transmit, or activate any Harmful Code; (f) damage, destroy, disrupt, disable, impair, interfere with, or
otherwise impede or harm in any manner the Services, Archodex Systems, or Archodex's provision of services to any third
party, in whole or in part; (g) access or use the Services or Archodex Materials in any manner or for any purpose that
infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Right or other right Archodex or any third
party or that violates any applicable Law; (h) access or use the Services or Archodex Materials for purposes of
competitive analysis of the Services or Archodex Materials, the development, provision, or use of a competing software
service or product, or any other purpose that is to Archodex's detriment or commercial disadvantage; (i) access or use
the Services or Archodex Materials in, or in association with, the design, construction, maintenance, operation of any
hazardous environments, systems, or applications, any safety response systems or other safety-critical applications, or
any other use or application in which the use or failure of the Services could lead to personal injury or property
damage; or (j) otherwise access or use the Services or Archodex Materials beyond the scope of the authorization granted
under this Section.

#### h. Customer Obligations.

Customer will at all times during the Term: (a) set up, maintain, and operate in good repair all Customer Systems on or
through which the Services are accessed or used; and (b) provide all cooperation and assistance as Archodex may
reasonably request to enable Archodex to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under and in connection with
this Agreement. Archodex is not responsible or liable for any delay or failure of performance caused in whole or in part
by Customer's delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under this Agreement. If Customer
becomes aware of any actual or threatened activity prohibited by this Agreement, Customer will immediately: (a) take all
reasonable and lawful measures within its control that are necessary to stop the activity or threatened activity and to
mitigate its effects; and (b) notify Archodex of any such actual or threatened activity.

#### i. Security.

Customer has and will retain sole responsibility for: (a) all Customer Data, including its content and use; (b) all
information, instructions, and materials provided by or on behalf of Customer in connection with the Services; (c)
Customer Systems ; (d) the security and use of Customer's Access Credentials; and (e) all access to and use of the
Services and Archodex Materials directly or indirectly by or through the Customer Systems or its Access Credentials,
with or without Customer's knowledge or consent. Customer will be responsible for all processes necessary to securely
administer the distribution and use of all Access Credentials, protect against any unauthorized access to or use of the
Services, and control the content and use of Customer Data, including the uploading or other provision of Customer Data
for Processing by the Services.

### 3. Fees; Payment Terms.

#### a. Fees.

Customer will pay Archodex the applicable fees (the "Fees") for use of the Services as posted on Archodex's Public Price
List, as described in the applicable Order, or as may otherwise be agreed in writing. Monthly pricing may be charged
annually in advance. Archodex may change the Fee it charges for Services and/or the Services offered for any pricing
tier at any time. The then current Fee for the Services and Services offered for each pricing tier will be a posted on
Archodex's Public Price List. Customer is responsible for any metered fees it accrues for Services which include a
metered fee, charged to Customer each month after the calendar month incurred, unless otherwise provided in an Order.
Payments for Services are not refundable.

#### b. Taxes.

All Fees and other amounts payable by Customer under this Agreement are exclusive of taxes and similar assessments.
Customer is responsible for all sales, use and excise taxes, and any other similar taxes, duties, and charges of any
kind imposed by any federal, state, or local governmental or regulatory authority on any amounts payable by Customer
hereunder, other than any taxes imposed on Archodex's income.

#### c. Payment.

If credit has been extended to You by Us, all payments under this Agreement are due within thirty (30) days days after
the invoice date, or as otherwise provided in an Order. Past due amounts will incur interest until paid at the lesser
of: (a) 1.5% per month; and (b) the highest rate permitted by law. All amounts will be invoiced and paid in U.S.
Dollars. Customer agrees to reimburse Archodex for all expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by
Archodex in the collection of any overdue and unpaid invoices.

#### d. No Deductions or Setoffs.

All amounts payable to Archodex under this Agreement will be paid by Customer to Archodex in full without any setoff,
recoupment, counterclaim, deduction, debit, or withholding for any reason (other than any deduction or withholding of
tax as may be required by applicable Law).

#### e. Billing Disputes.

For Customer's that are billed, if Customer believes that Archodex has billed Customer incorrectly, Customer must
contact Archodex no later than 60 days after the closing date on the first billing statement in which the error or
problem appeared to receive an adjustment or credit. Failure by Customer to contact Archodex within 60 days will be
deemed acceptance by Customer of the accuracy of said billing statement. Inquiries should be directed to Archodex's
customer support department.

### 4. Intellectual Property Rights.

#### a. Services, Software, and Archodex Materials.

All right, title, and interest in and to the Services, Software, and Archodex Materials, including all Intellectual
Property Rights therein, are and will remain with Archodex and the respective rights holders in the Third-Party
Materials. Customer has no right, license, or authorization with respect to any of the Services, Software, or Archodex
Materials (including Third-Party Materials) except as expressly set forth herein or the applicable third-party license.
All other rights in and to the Services, Software, and Archodex Materials (including Third-Party Materials) are
expressly reserved by Archodex and the respective third-party licensors. In furtherance of the foregoing, Customer
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably grants to Archodex an assignment of all right, title, and interest in and to the
Resultant Data, including all Intellectual Property Rights relating thereto.

#### b. Customer Data.

As between Customer and Archodex, Customer is and will remain the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title, and
interest in and to all Customer Data, including all Intellectual Property Rights relating thereto, subject to the rights
and permissions granted in this subsection. Customer hereby irrevocably grants all such rights and permissions in or
relating to Customer Data: (a) to Archodex, its Subcontractors, and the Archodex Personnel as are necessary or useful to
perform the Services; and (b) to Archodex as are necessary or useful to enforce this Agreement and exercise its rights
and perform its obligations hereunder.

#### c. Identification.

Customer agrees to be identified as a customer of Archodex and Customer agrees that Archodex may refer to Customer by
name, trade name and trademark, if applicable, and may briefly describe Customer's business in Archodex's marketing
materials and the Archodex Site.

### 5. Confidentiality.

The Parties acknowledge that, in connection with this Agreement, each Party (the "Receiving Party") may obtain
Confidential Information of the other Party (the "Disclosing Party"). Such Confidential Information will not be used or
disclosed by the Receiving Party except as specifically authorized, or as necessary to perform the Services. The
Receiving Party agrees to keep such Confidential Information confidential and to accord such Confidential Information
the same standards and procedures it uses to protect its own confidential business information (but not less than
reasonable care), including limiting access to its Representatives on a need-to-know basis and only after such Persons
have been informed of and are bound to maintain confidentiality. Nothing in this Agreement will prohibit or restrict
Receiving Party's right to develop, use, or market products or services similar to or competitive with those of the
Disclosing Party as disclosed in the Confidential Information as long as doing so will not thereby breach this
Agreement. If the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives is compelled by applicable Law to disclose any
Confidential Information then, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Receiving Party will: (a) promptly, and
prior to such disclosure, notify the Disclosing Party in writing of such requirement so that the Disclosing Party can
seek a protective order or other remedy; and (b) provide reasonable assistance to the Disclosing Party, at the
Disclosing Party's sole cost and expense, in opposing such disclosure or seeking a protective order or other limitations
on disclosure. If the Receiving Party remains required by Law to disclose any Confidential Information, the Receiving
Party will disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information that the Receiving Party is legally required to
disclose.

### 6. Term and Termination.

#### a. Term.

The initial term of this Agreement begins as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any of the
Agreement's express provisions, will continue in effect as provided in the applicable Order (or if no term is so
provided, until 12 months from such date) (the "Initial Term"). This Agreement will automatically renew for additional
successive 12-month terms unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement's express provisions or either Party
gives the other Party written notice of non-renewal at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term
(each a "Renewal Term" and, together with the Initial Term, the "Term"). Unless otherwise provided as applicable to
Renewal Term(s) in an applicable Order, the annual Fees for each Renewal Term will be set at the Services price
contained in the Archodex Public Price List as on the expiration of the then-current term.

#### b. Termination.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice, effective immediately, if: (a) a petition under any
bankruptcy law is filed by or against the other Party; (b) a receiver is appointed for the other Party's assets; (c) the
other Party becomes insolvent or takes advantage of any insolvency or any similar statute; (d) the other Party is in
material breach of this Agreement and such breach remains uncured, if curable, for 30 days after written notice of the
breach; or (e) the other Party breaches any of its obligations hereunder. Further, Archodex may terminate this
Agreement, effective on written notice to Customer, if Customer: (i) fails to pay any amount when due hereunder, and
such failure continues more than 30 days after Archodex's delivery of written notice thereof; or (ii) breaches any of
its obligations hereunder.

#### c. Effect of Expiration or Termination.

Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement (a) all
rights, licenses, consents, and authorizations granted by either Party to the other under this Agreement will
immediately terminate; (b) Customer will immediately cease all use of any Services, Software, or Archodex Materials and
(i) promptly return to Archodex, or at Archodex's written request destroy, all documents and tangible materials
containing, reflecting, incorporating, or based on any Archodex Materials or Archodex's Confidential Information; and
(iii) if requested by Archodex, an authorized officer of Customer will certify to Archodex in writing that Customer has
complied with the requirements of this Section; (c) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Archodex
may retain Customer Data in its backups, archives, and disaster recovery systems until such Customer Data is deleted in
the ordinary course and all such Customer Data will remain subject to all confidentiality, security, and other
applicable requirements of this Agreement; (d) Archodex may disable all Customer access to the Services, Software, and
Archodex Materials; (e) Archodex will make all Customer Data available to Customer for electronic retrieval by Customer
at Customer's expense for a period of 30 days, but thereafter Archodex may, but is not obligated to, delete stored
Customer Data; and (f) Customer will pay in full for the Services up to and including the last day on which the Services
are provided.

#### d. Surviving Terms.

The provisions of any other of this Agreement that by its nature operates beyond termination or expiration, will survive
and continue in full force and effect after any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

### 7. Warranties, Indemnification, and Limits of Liability.

#### a. Representations and Warranties.

Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that: (a) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing as a corporation or other entity under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or other organization;
(b) it has the full right, power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations and grant the rights, licenses,
consents and authorizations it grants or is required to grant under this Agreement; (c) the execution of this Agreement
by its Representative whose signature is set forth at the end of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate or organizational action of such Party; (c) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms; (d) it will perform its
obligations under this Agreement in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including, but not
limited to applicable data security and privacy laws. Customer represents, warrants and covenants to Archodex that
Customer owns or otherwise has and will have the necessary rights and consents in and relating to the Customer Data so
that, as received by Archodex and Processed in accordance with this Agreement, they do not and will not infringe,
misappropriate, or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property Rights, or any privacy or other right of any third party
or violate any applicable Law.

#### b. Indemnification.

Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Archodex and its Subcontractors and Affiliates, and each of its and
their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from and against any and all Losses
that arises out of or relates to any: (a) Customer Data, including any Processing of Customer Data by or on behalf of
Archodex in accordance with this Agreement; (b) any other materials or information (including any personal information,
documents, data, specifications, software, content, or technology) provided by or on behalf of Customer, including
Archodex's compliance with any specifications or directions provided by or on behalf of Customer to the extent prepared
without any contribution by Archodex; (c) allegation of facts that, if true, would constitute Customer's breach of any
of its representations, warranties, covenants, or obligations under this Agreement; or (d) negligence or more culpable
act or omission (including recklessness or willful misconduct) by Customer or any third party on behalf of Customer in
connection with this Agreement.

#### c. Disclaimer.

EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTION 2, ALL SERVICES AND ARCHODEX MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
ARCHODEX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHER, AND ARCHODEX SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND
ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ARCHODEX MAKES
NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT THE SERVICES OR ARCHODEX MATERIALS, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR RESULTS OF THE USE THEREOF, WILL
MEET CUSTOMER'S OR ANY OTHER PERSON'S REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE
COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR OTHER SERVICES OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE,
OR ERROR FREE. ARCHODEX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL DECISIONS OR ANALYSIS MADE BY ANY PERSON
BASED UPON THE USE OR RESULTS OF THE SERVICES OR ARCHODEX MATERIALS. ALL THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF OR CONCERNING ANY THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS IS STRICTLY BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND THE
THIRD-PARTY OWNER OR DISTRIBUTOR OF THE THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS.

#### d. Limitations of Liability.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE, FOR ANY: (a) LOSS OF PRODUCTION, USE, BUSINESS, REVENUE, OR
PROFIT OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE; (b) IMPAIRMENT, INABILITY TO USE OR LOSS, INTERRUPTION, OR DELAY OF THE SERVICES; (c)
LOSS, DAMAGE, CORRUPTION OR RECOVERY OF DATA, OR BREACH OF DATA OR SYSTEM SECURITY; OR (d) CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL,
INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, ENHANCED OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PERSONS WERE ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FAILURE OF ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL THE LIABILITY OF ARCHODEX UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER, UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT,
TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY AND OTHERWISE, EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE FEES ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY
ARCHODEX IN THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE OCCURRENCE OR EVENT UNDERLYING THE CLAIM.

### 8. Miscellaneous.

#### a. Force Majeure.

Neither Party will be liable or responsible to the other Party, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this
Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement, when and to the extent such
failure or delay is caused by acts of God, flood, fire, explosion, war, terrorism, invasion, riot, other civil unrest,
embargoes or blockades in effect on or after the date of this Agreement, or national or regional emergency, in each
case, provided that such event is outside the reasonable control of the affected Party.

#### b. Relationship of the Parties.

The relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement will be
construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint venture, or other form of joint enterprise, employment, or
fiduciary relationship between the Parties, and neither Party will have authority to contract for or bind the other
Party in any manner whatsoever. Archodex retains absolute discretion in the manner and means of carrying out the
Services, and Customer will have no obligation to direct or control the working conditions of Archodex's employees or
Subcontractors.

#### c. Notice.

To Customer: Archodex may provide any notice to Customer under this Agreement by: (i) posting a notice on the Archodex
Site; or (ii) sending a message to the email address then associated with Customer's account. Notices Archodex provides
by posting on the Archodex Site will be effective upon posting and notices Archodex provides by email will be effective
when Archodex sends the email. It is Customer's responsibility to keep Customer's email address current. Customer will
be deemed to have received any email sent to the email address then associated with Customer's account when Archodex
sends the email, whether or not Customer actually receives the email. To Archodex: To give Archodex notice under this
Agreement, Customer must contact Archodex as follows: by personal delivery, overnight courier or registered or certified
mail to Archodex Inc., 4128 SW Condor Ave, Portland, Oregon 97239. Archodex may update the address for notices to
Archodex by posting a notice on the Archodex Site. Notices provided by personal delivery will be effective immediately.
Notices provided by overnight courier will be effective one business day after they are sent. Notices provided
registered or certified mail will be effective three business days after they are sent provided evidence of receipt is
complete. All communications and notices to be made or given pursuant to this Agreement must be in the English language.

#### d. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, together with any other documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the sole and entire
agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such
subject matter. No terms or conditions of any purchase order or similar document provided by Customer to Archodex will
constitute a part or amendment of this Agreement or be binding on Archodex for any purpose unless expressly accepted by
Archodex in writing.

#### e. Assignment.

Customer may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its
obligations or performance, under this Agreement, whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise,
without Archodex's prior written consent. Any assignment in violation of this Section shall be null and void, ab initio.
This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors
and assigns.

#### f. Amendment and Modification.

Archodex may modify this Agreement (at any time by posting a revised version on the Archodex Site or by otherwise
notifying Customer in accordance with the terms hereof. The modified terms will become effective upon posting or, if
Archodex notifies Customer by email, as stated in the email message. By continuing to use the Services after the
effective date of any modifications to this Agreement, Customer agrees to be bound by the modified terms. It is
Customer's responsibility to check the Archodex Site regularly for modifications to this Agreement. Archodex last
modified this Agreement on the date listed at the beginning of this Agreement. Archodex may also modify this Agreement
if so indicated in an Order. The right granted herein are conditioned upon the acceptance of the terms hereof to the
exclusion of all other terms, and no other or additional terms shall apply, unless so provided in writing signed by the
Parties. Customer expressly agrees by Customer's use of the Services that no such other, different or additional terms
or conditions shall apply, notwithstanding any statements to the contrary included in any purchase order, confirmation,
or similar form (other than an Order or other signed writing between the Parties), and regardless of whether Archodex
accepts payments referenced therein which shall not constitute acceptance of additional terms and conditions.

#### g. Severability.

If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render
unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

#### h. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Attorneys' Fees; Waiver of Jury Trial.

This Agreement and all related documents are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Oregon, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent such principles or rules would require
or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Oregon. The sole and
exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising out of this Agreement shall be federal or state court
located in Multnomah County, Oregon, and the Parties irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Each Party hereby waives any objection or defense of personal jurisdiction or forum non-conveniens it may otherwise
possess. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy that may arise under this Agreement, including any
exhibits, schedules, attachments, and appendices attached to this Agreement, is likely to involve complicated and
difficult issues and, therefore, each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by
jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including any exhibits, schedules,
attachments, and appendices attached to this Agreement, or the transactions contemplated hereby.
